---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"/now","permalink":"/now/","title":"👇 Now","noteIcon":null,"created":"2024-06-10T23:23:44.387+01:00","updated":"2024-06-11T00:13:39.582+01:00"}
---

# Now

>[!TIP] The /now Movement
>This page was inspired by the [/now Movement](https://nownownow.com/about). It's a great way to help me focus on the broader priorities in my life (on temporal order of months) while allowing you fine people to learn a bit more about the mind within The Cave.

## What I'm On With Now:

I like to divide my time into two area, day-to-day (aka what I do) and my spare time.

#### Day-to-day

I'm used to a day-to-day life that is fairly busy with many activities demanding my attention. Currently those main activities are:

1. **Uni, uni, uni.**  I've been studying in higher education now for about 10 years; first with my Mechanical Engineering apprenticeship; then my undergrad degree in Natural Science; and now my post grad masters in Environmental Management. I've got one module left and I cannot tell you how excited I am to *not* have an assignment due...
2. **Photography.**  If you've browsed any other page on this site other than this one, you know that my hobsession[^1] is nature photography. I'm making a conscious effort to do more photography, because it makes me happy. I've also axed social media so the only place I share my images now is on here and I honestly feel so much better for it!
3. **Canada.** My girlfriend and I have secured 2 year work visas for Canada and we are aiming to up-sticks in Jan 2025. Naturally this takes some planning so that's one thing thats going on right now. So much to think about like how do we pay student loans and where do we want to live?!
4. **Exploring Philosophies.**  I enjoy reading non-fiction and my current interest lies in examining the many ancient philosophies for living a good life. So far I've spent time reading about Stoicism and Epicureanism. Next up is probably going to be a deeper dive into Buddhism and Taoism. I find it fascinating how these different schools of thought figured we should act to live a good life.
5. **Managing Self**. I technically fall into that category of people whose brain works a bit differently to most, some call it neurodivergent, others ADD/ADHD. I avoid labels as did my mother when faced with accepting an official diagnosis when I was a child. They promised medication would give her a 'totally different young boy' a reality that, thankfully, my mother wouldn't entertain. As I progress in society, I'm learning to live with this kind of brain, and trying to manage myself for my own benefit, but also for those that have to live with me. I've started 'emptying' my brain into notes so that I can focus on remembering the important things like renewing car insurance and birthdays while maintaining my drive to learn. So far it's working...I think.

#### In my spare time

In my spare time (0830-1630) I develop and deliver projects ranging from electric vehicle charging infrastructure to renewable energy generation; to sustainable behaviour change in the built environment to public sector utility contract management. 

I believe it's important to take some down time from all the priorities in your life to earn some cash so you can best explore the things that make you tick. Even better if you can do so while attempting each day to leave the world a better place than when you started.



[^1]: I love a portmanteau these days; and not in terms of the French meaning of the word for a large traveling suitcase made of stiff leather. This is my most recent creation, a Hobby that one is Obsessed with...Hobsession.

---
📧 Sign up to my newsletter [[96 - Hidden Notes/Newsletter\|here]].
Created by Niall Bell (niall@niallbell.com)